Good morning, family.
Praise the Lord.
I believe this is day 10, if I'm not mistaken.
We're in the double digits.
Maybe it's day 11; I'll have to ask my son.
It all goes together for me, but I had some things on my heart.
The Lord wants me to bring it up again.
Jesus is the Healer.
I've been thinking about it because of the meetings I've been in the last three days.
People are getting healed.
I'm seeing people walk away believing for their manifestation, while some get theirs instantaneously.
You see the bondage of Satan's work falling off.
I know beyond a shadow of a doubt we are about to see great manifestations of the glory of God beyond anybody's comprehension.
We are in the last seconds of the last days.
I'm going to keep saying it: Jesus Christ is coming.
There's a work to be done; the harvest is plentiful, but the laborers are few.
I pray you are being a light in the darkness—at your workplace, the store, or school.
Be a light shining bright for the world to see.
There was a night I was praying and one of my friends called.
They were overcoming severe arthritis.
He asked me, 'Brandon, why aren't all Christians healed?
' I told him I don't have all the answers, but I'll ask the Lord.
It bothered me because some people I pray for get healed and some don't.
You can get weary in well-doing.
I heard a message from a preacher who said to always stay on God's side, even if you don't understand what you're walking through.
Never get angry at God.
Like Job, who stood his ground: 'Though He slay me, yet will I praise Him.
' No matter the circumstance, God is a good God.
People in the body of Christ, even in the Word of Faith movement, often don't answer the hard questions.
Brother Hagin always did.
That's why I go through the old archives from Brother Hagin and feast as much as I can.
He was a diamond in the rough of all the ministers I've listened to.
Brother Hagin changed my life; he had a teaching anointing.
I wish he were still here, but his season was over.
I went to sleep that night and had an experience with the Lord.
In this experience, I was at Jesus' crucifixion.
He was a young man, 33 years old.
I saw him right before he was scourged.
I was standing there with the Father and Jesus, watching Jesus in the past being whipped.
It felt like real time.
I could smell the livestock and the animal feces.
The sun was shining and it felt about 85 degrees.
His skin was sweating and dirty; he was olive-complected.
His hands were strapped by metal bands to a whipping post.
There were two soldiers.
One was a very large man, bald, and massively built.
The other was a Roman guard with a breastplate and a kilt-looking outfit.
They were cracking those whips to intimidate him.
I saw them whip him, and blood splattered everywhere.
Chunks of flesh were pulled from his body.
I screamed, 'Stop it!
' I saw them ripping his beard out.
They tortured him as they tore him to pieces.
When they were done, he dangled there as a bloody mess.
His rib bones were showing because they whipped him so much.
The Lord spoke to me and said, 'Brandon, by my stripes you are healed.
The same faith it took to ask for forgiveness of sins is the same faith for healing.
' He said you would never question your salvation; you're fully persuaded.
But people question the stripes more than the sin issue.
He said, 'I took your sickness, disease, sin, and poverty.
' Faith and healing are not feelings, just as salvation isn't.
If I confess my sins, He is faithful to forgive.
Likewise, by His stripes, you are healed.
His words are life and health to all their flesh.
The Lord told me, 'When you believe for your healing as much as your salvation, the manifestation comes.
' Don't doubt in your heart.
Life and death are in the power of the tongue.
I'm not moved by a symptom; I am moved by the Word.
You don't have to earn your healing; it's a finished work.
It's by grace you are saved through faith.
Not one of us should be suffering with sickness.
Freely He gave, and freely we receive.
He made us joint-heirs, seated with Him in the heavenlies.
I love the book of Ephesians.
My favorite passage that Brother Hagin always talks about is when Jesus turned to the woman with the issue of blood.
Her faith made her whole.
If her faith can make her whole, your faith can make you whole.
Today is your day for healing.
I believe for your deliverance today.
Believe for now; faith is the substance of things hoped for.
Father, I thank You that by Your stripes they are healed.
We thank You for creative miracles.
I believe for glaucoma to be healed and coronary arteries to be unclogged.
No Alzheimer's, no dementia.
I saw silos full of body parts in heaven waiting for manifestations.
I believe for arms and legs to grow back.
Father, we pray over this nation and this election.
We call forth a Godly nation.
We call for a fair election and pray for divine protection over Donald Trump—over his food and drink.
No weapon formed against him shall prosper.
We stand in the gap for America and Israel.
Lord, expose the darkness in leadership.
Expose financial corruption in the church like Ananias and Sapphira.
Raise up godly leaders who preach the hard truths and not a lukewarm gospel.
Wake up the sleepers.
Raise up the new Davids, Joshuas, and Calebs.
Our nation is turning around.
We will have a godly president and godly laws.
We stop the drug and sex trafficking at the border.
We stop the fentanyl, no fentanyl coming to poison our youth.
We plead the blood over the school systems.
Stop the immoral teaching and the LGBTQ trash.
Raise up godly mayors and school boards.
Raise up millionaires to fund the gospel.
Give them creative ideas to get wealth.
We seek Your face first.
I believe there are healings today.
If you're new here, welcome.
Please like the video to help the algorithm.
I'm here to edify you and point you to Jesus.
We're all a work in progress.
I'm just Brandon; I'm not a celebrity.
Subscribe and click the notification bell.
Jesus loves you.
God bless you all and have a wonderful day.